#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=test_requirements.txt test_requirements.in
#
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest-mypy
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
black==24.4.2
    # via -r test_requirements.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   black
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
coverage[toml]==7.5.4
    # via pytest-cov
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docker==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   -r test_requirements.in
execnet==2.1.1
    # via pytest-xdist
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.15.4
    # via pytest-mypy
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.25.0
    # via ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.22.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.2
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r test_requirements.in
mypy==1.10.0
    # via pytest-mypy
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.2.1
    # via -r test_requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   black
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via ipython
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via pytest-benchmark
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via pytest-flakes
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pytest==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pytest-benchmark
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-flakes
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-mypy
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-benchmark==4.0.0
    # via -r test_requirements.in
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r test_requirements.in
pytest-flakes==4.0.5
    # via -r test_requirements.in
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r test_requirements.in
pytest-mypy==0.10.3
    # via -r test_requirements.in
pytest-timeout==2.3.1
    # via -r test_requirements.in
pytest-xdist==3.6.1
    # via -r test_requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   responses
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   docker
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   responses
responses==0.25.3
    # via -r test_requirements.in
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-mock==5.1.0.20240425
    # via -r test_requirements.in
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   arrow
types-pytz==2024.1.0.20240417
    # via -r test_requirements.in
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20240311
    # via -r test_requirements.in
types-requests==2.32.0.20240622
    # via -r test_requirements.in
types-setuptools==70.0.0.20240524
    # via -r test_requirements.in
types-simplejson==3.19.0.20240310
    # via -r test_requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   mypy
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c full_requirements.txt
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   types-requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
zipp>=3.19.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
